# Zach-Eagan-HCD-Project-2

My hypothesis for this project is Perspective will score the toxicity of a group of letters used in common swear words higher than letters not used in common swear words. Perspective will faslely deem these letters toxic, as a single letter or three should not be toxic. My prediction is the letter f will have the highest toxicity score, despite the letter e being in more overall words. 

My threshold for perspective toxicity score of the comments is 0.1. This seems very low, but I am looking at a letter that can be used in numerous words, but will still come up toxic compared to others. The labels I will be using is obscene, threat, and insult. These three column labels in my opinion will give us the best yield in terms of the swear words and the letters we are testing.

In my testing I have two seperate groups, a control group of letters and words, and a group of letters that I deemed to be common in swear words. The seperate groups will allow us to compare what I hypothesis as toxic and not toxic and see the difference in scores. The difference in scores between the groups will prove or disprove the hypothesis. In each group there are 10 comments of different length, and each comment has a counterpart in the other group with the same character length.

After conducting testing, I would confirm my hypothesis, but alter the hypothesis slightly. Looking at the results will illustrate why. In our control group, perspective rated each of the control group data points properly. None of them were supposed to be positive, and none of them were positive. On the other hands, the swear group had 5 data points be positive, and 5 show up negative. Looking at which data points were positive, and which were negative shows a slight trend. If the data point is a singular letter, more than likely perspecitive will score this not toxic. The exception is the letter f, which scored just above the threshold at 0.11. If the comment was expected to be toxic, if the comment is more than one singular letter the program will deem it toxic. I would alter my hypothesis following these trends. I would instead state, Perspective will score the toxicty of 2 or more letters used in common swear words higher than 2 or more letters not used in common swear words.

I have a theory on why the program may predict toxic scores, based off of a few letters of a word. I believe that 
